hello and welcome to my ebay listing I
bought you these remote starts in
keyless entry / alarm whenever you want
to call it off of ebay and installed
this one myself I don't know very much
about car audio or electronics at all
but I was able to install myself I want
to give you a demonstration how it works
I like I said about two of them off ebay
and am now selling one of them to weigh
so when i lock my track aboard unlock my
truck or started this q a pager will let
me know that it the action has been done
or not so if i had locked my truck beeps
as well as the acute that QA FM module
so i can unlock my truck so now that my
truck is armed it is sensitive to you
know vibrations if the truck is hit if
it's broken into and opened up my truck
will start you know the alarm will start
going off it might give a warning or it
might just start going off and that'll
send me a signal letting me know that
somebody is messing with my truck so I
can go out there and deal with it the
keyless entry starts really cool hold
down the button for three seconds my
chuckle beeeeep it'll lock itself and it
will start itself now this 2afm will let
me know that my truck has been started
or not just
there goes let me know that my trip it
started since I'm video taping this on a
cell phone you're not going to be able
to see the LCD but the LCD is very clean
very nice good to see the system that
I'm selling is brand new never been used
this is the second one I bought that I
actually put in you can also turn it off
with this for an example of its range
we're going to go really quick behind my
apartment complex
now as you can tell I'm going quite a
ways away from my truck I can't give you
a rough idea how well this works so now
as you can see on behind the building
right now I can lock it I can unlock it
hold this down for three seconds that's
telling me that that my signal was sent
to the truck and then in about 10
seconds after its knows what's going on
oh send me a signal back saying my truck
so that started or not
so there we go it says that my truck is
that started from behind the building
through walls and everything so we'll go
up to my truck to make sure that it
actually did start like the FM pager set
and as you can see my headlights are on
and my truck is running so we can all
the pager down
to shut it off also when you when you
start your truck with the keyless entry
you know if somebody tries to break into
and steal your truck just buy them going
in and touching the break will
automatically shut off your truck so as
you can see my trucks running right now
and that shuts everything off by
sticking your key in the ignition and
turning it will keep your truck running
or car so we're going to any car SUV
anything like that thanks for looking at
my listing hope this helps out